First you get the money
Then you get the power
Respect
Hoes come last omg ronny
Ay get it get it get it get
it get it get it get it
Get it get it get it
(Cash rules everything
around me)
Uh open up the safe bitches
got a lot to say
Pussy in your face that'll put
you in your place (boom)
Seven letters on the plate fuck
you in the brain (bitch)
I got cars I got bags I got
real estate (cash rules)
Foreplay I ain't
come to play
I got big fish money he
gon' bite the bait
Can you drop it down make
that ass talk to me?
Keep that energy gon' up
that hennessy (ass)
I need my bag quickly
Separate 6 degrees bitches
said they know me
Sex pistols sid vicious wet
you when it's horny
Hit me on my cash app check
it in the morning
Cash in this bitch shinin'
Dressed in designer she
could get heightening
And it's perfect timing
dream with the tanny
Bella hadid homie
could get it
Ass
Cash cash
Ass bags
Bad
Cash rules everything
around me
Ay ass get it get it get it
get it get it cash get it
Ay cash get it get it get it get
it get it ass get it get it
Ay bags get it get it get it get
it get it bad get it get it
Get it get it get it
(Cash rules everything
around me)
Ass rules everything
around me
Deep in that pussy
ya I'm drowning
A shark in a water
how you found me?
Best gift from 'round me
(I'ma dog)
I go hunting like a bounty
(woof)
(Cash rules) ya make my
own rules
Tattoos on that ass she
do night school
Welcome to the players
club ice cube
Diamonds might make the news
Bitch that's photoshop like rappers
with that autotune (cash)
Uh your cheques is not
a proof
Rm 52 anoscope water proof
Niggas talk a lot of boof till
they outside the booth
My niggas like golden state
inbound pull up and shoot
Cash (swish)
Cash ass
Ass bags
Bag
Cash rules everything
around me
Ass get it get it get it get it
get it cash get it get it
Cash get it get it get it get
it get it ass get it get it
Bags get it get it get it get
it bad get it get it get it
Get it get it get it
Cash rules everything
around me
Ass rules everything
Deep in that pussy got him drowning
(drownin' drownin')
Cash rules everything
around me
A shark in the water how you found
me? (Found me found me)
Cash rules (get the money)
Cash rules
Dollar dollar bill y'all